chore: mandatory issue templates (#152)
DataDog/nginx-datadog: .github/SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

This document outlines the security policy for the Datadog NGINX module and what to do if you discover a security vulnerability in the project.
Most notably, please do not share the details in a public forum (such as in a discussion, issue, or pull request) but instead reach out to us with the details.
This gives us an opportunity to release a fix for others to benefit from by the time details are made public.

## Supported Versions

> We accept vulnerability submissions for the [currently maintained release](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-cpp/releases).

Author: ```suggestion
We accept vulnerability submissions for the [currently maintained release](https://github.com/DataDog/nginx-datadog/releases).
```
